# 29 Dec 2021

Added the ability to generate debug builds by using the `--debug` argument.

# 13 Oct 2021

Added support for the `@unit` decorator which can be used to specify a unit for numeric properties.

# 28 Jun 2021

Added support for the `@allow`, `@allowInstance`, `@deny` and `@denyInstance` decorators which can be used to specify permissions at the entity or property, service or event levels.

Added support for the `@visible` and `@visibleInstance` decorators which can be used to specify visibility permissions for entities.

Added support for creating users and groups via a new `UserList` class.

Added support for creating organizations via the new `OrganizationBase` class.

Added support for using environment variables in service code or for default values. Like const enums, these are inlined at compile time. Note that these are based on the environment variables of the system used to build the application and not the target thingworx server.

Added two new `deploy` and `removeAndDeploy` tasks. Added a new `@deploy` decorator that can be added to thing services. When using either of those two tasks, after a successful installation, the services marked with that decorator will be invoked.

Updates the transformer version which resolves a critical issue resulting from the upgrade to Typescript 4 that caused replacement to fail for references to `this` or constant values in service code.

# 18 Jun 2021

Cleaned up `.DS_Store` files from the repo and placeholder values from the `metadata.xml` file.

Add support for specifying connection details in an `.env` file that can be excluded from git. If present, this file will have priority over the connection details specified in `package.json`.

Add support for specifying the types of a service's arguments using an interface instead of a type literal.

# 15 Apr 2021

Improved documentation and example.

Declarations are now also generated prior to building.

# 8 Apr 2021

Fixed an import error when importing entities with async services.

Fixed an import error when importing entities that required generic arguments, such as those extending `Stream` or `DataTable`.

# 8 Mar 2021

Added support for using an app key instead of username and password for deployment.

# 6 Nov 2020

Added the `@ordinal(_)` decorator that can be used on data shape fields.

## Updates to Thing Transformer

Added support for the `@ordinal` decorator and the `autoGenerateDataShapeOrdinals` configuration flag.

# 8 Apr 2020

## Updates to Thing Transformer

Fixed import error when using infotables without a specified data shape.

# 6 Apr 2020

The build phase will now also emit declarations under `build/@types/index.d.ts`.

Added support for specifying extensions as dependencies.

# 3 Apr 2020

Added support for downloading entity declarations from Thingworx.

# 2 Apr 2020

Added example for using ES6 features.

## Updates to Thing Transformer

The transformer will now inline helpers when required by services, allowing syntax that requires them in ES5 to be used.

# 1 Apr 2020

Improved generics for `Stream` and `DataTable`.

## Updates to Thing Transformer

Added support for specifying Thingworx descriptions via JSDoc comments.

Added support for using and inlining const enum members.

# 24 Mar 2020

When declarations are generated, the generated directory is no longer deleted and recreated, instead the declarations file is overwritten in place. This resolves improper error messages being thrown by the typescript compiler during the declaration generation phase.

The return types for `CreateValues` and `CreateValuesWithData` on data shapes now have the correct generics applied.

## Updates to Thing Transformer

Resolves a crash when returning infotables or thingnames from services.

# 23 Mar 2020

The `upload` task no longer removes the current version of the extension before uploading the new one. Instead, it increments the version number then upgrades the existing extension in place. This is because removing and then reinstalling the extension would cause property and configuration table values to be lost during the upgrade.

A new `removeAndUpload` task can be used to obtain the previous behaviour.

Added support for specifying configuration tables via the `@ConfigurationTables` decorator. A new example thing template makes use of this decorator.

## Updates to Thing Transformer

Resolves an issue where the base thing template for a thing template was improperly specified as `thingTemplate` instead of `baseThingTemplate`.

Resolves an issue where literals other than strings or numbers that were specified in property initializers would be ignored and cause a crash during compilation.

Added support for configuration table definition decorators.

# 1.0.0

Inital Release